The islands of Micronesia are tiny specks in the Pacific Ocean, but these beautiful islands are home to some
1,400 worshipers of Jehovah.
Formerly called the Guam branch, the Micronesia branch oversees the work in nine lands in addition to Guam.
There are currently 64 Bethel family members in full-time commuters, but only 25 are at the branch office.
The rest have the privilege of working in six remote translation offices.
A significant milestone was recently reached in Micronesia.
The Kingdom Hall construction program that began in 2008 will be complete this month.
Among the projects completed were 13 Kingdom Halls, six remote translation offices and four missionary homes.
Some of these projects were new construction, whereas others were renovations.
Many experiences showed Jehovah's blessing on these projects, some of which were shared in this month's JW Broadcasting program.
Despite very poor conditions on many of these islands, there has been a heartwarming response to the May 2015
JW Broadcast concerning our privilege to support Kingdom interests through our donations.
Following the program, one couple of humble means decided to set aside $20 US dollars each month as a donation.
Just last month, however, their bills exceeded their income by some $80.
Not knowing how they were going to come up with the extra money, they thought about using the $20 to help pay for the expenses.
In the end, though, they decided it was more important to donate the funds as they had resolved and look for another way to cover the deficit.
Well, shortly after making the donation, they both were surprised to learn that they had been selected as employees of the month for their good work.
They reward a cash gift of $50 each.
The couple gives all the praise to Jehovah for the positive outcome.
In 2014, our branch received training to do audio video recording in the remote translation offices.
As a result, the publishers have enjoyed using more videos in the ministry.
One missionary brother had invited a chukis couple he was studying with to the meeting many times,
but they had only attended once in the past year and a half.
When the video, what happens at a kingdom hall became available in their language, the brother played the video for them.
The couple was impressed and commented that the kingdom hall was very different from their church.
They attended the very next meeting, which happened to be the memorial.
Experiencing for themselves, what they saw in the video, they continued attending meetings.
Last year, the branch office encouraged congregations to consider working unassigned territory.
In Micronesia, these are often isolated at tolls located hundreds of miles from the nearest congregation.
One group sailed to the hour atoll in the Marshall Islands.
On the little atoll island of Tobal, they preached and invited the residents to attend a public meeting
the very next day. To their surprise, 42 residents attended, which is about 25% of the island's population.
They were intrigued by the talk entitled, how does God view the dead?
The subject was timely because a father of three children had died in an accident,
and the local minister said it was God's will.
Following the talk, about 20 people stayed to ask questions, some for up to two hours.
Altogether, the group of five publishers placed 1,000 pieces of literature and started many Bible studies
in this atoll. Needless to say, this group is looking forward to making another trip to this
receptive territory. In Isaiah 42 and verse 12, it was foretold that Jehovah's people would declare
his praise in the islands. We are happy that this prophecy is being fulfilled in the islands of
Micronesia, and it is a pleasure to bring to you all the love and greetings from these beautiful people.